# ICDM 2012

## Effective and Robust Mining of Temporal Subspace Clusters

A method to find clusters in multivariate time series despite misalignments and deviations/outliers.

## Student-t based Robust Spatio-Temporal Prediction

Given a set of noisy scalar observations over a spatial domain D and Temporal domain T, the proposed statistical method recovers latent values at time t<T (smoothing), t=T (filtering) and t>T (forecasting).

## Robust Prediction and Outlier Detection for Spatial Dataset

Solve a similar problem with a method not to far away (for what I read about it at least)

## Efficient Algorithms for Finding Richer Subgroup Descriptions in Numeric and Nominal Data

Subgroup are subset of a dataset where a binary target is substantially different from its overall distribution. The proposed algorithm can be subgroup based on rules such as a numerical value belonging to interval or a nominal value belonging to a set. This is done in linear time and yield better results than previous approaches.

# ICWSM 2012

## The Livehoods Project: Utilizing Social Media to Understand the Dynamics of a City

Data are foursquare check-in obtained via Twitter. Then they used spectral clustering based on distance and social affinity (between location, based on which user go there). Results were then assessed by interviewing local inhabitants. Example in [San Fransisco](http://livehoods.org/maps/sf)

# Various

[An interactive bibliography](http://spaceandtime.wsiabato.info/tGIS.html)

## Exploration of geo-tagged photos through data mining approaches

Use DBSCAN for clustering and a priori algorithm to find association rules between Points of Interest (PoI). PoI were categorized based on time: day/night, summer/winter, etc.

## P-DBSCAN: a density based clustering algorithm for exploration and analysis of attractive areas using collections of geo-tagged photos

A variant of DBSCAN for collection of photos. A key idea is that clusters are more significant when photos come from different users.  (use UTM coordinates to speed up distance computation)

## Exploring place through user-generated content: Using Flickr tags to describe city cores

>	How we name and describe space is at the core of the study of vernacular geography and form the central area of study addressed in this paper.

It is mostly a descriptive paper, except for section 3.3.2 (page 12) about kernel density estimation

## Locating place names from place descriptions

TODO

# COM.Geo

https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=air.org.computer.confprog.comgeo&hl=en

http://ieeexplore.ieee.org/xpl/mostRecentIssue.jsp?punumber=6599114
