# WWW 2012

## YouTube Around the World: Geographic Popularity of Videos (Page 241) 

Analyze 20M videos over one year yields the following (somewhat unrelated with my problem, especially since there is not methodological information) results:

-  videos are local: 50% of videos have more than 70% of their total views in a single country.

-  social sharing widens geographic audience but beyond 20% of such social views, it again goes down.

-  Their spatial extent evolves with time.

## Mining Photo-Sharing Websites to Study Ecological Phenomena (Page 749) 

Analyze tags and image features to measure and quantify ecological phenomena including ground snow cover, snow fall and vegetation density.

## Discovering Geographical Topics in the Twitter Stream (Page 769) 

Quite similar with GeoTopicYin11 (with which it is favorably compared) but take user preference more into account. Tweets are generated by choosing a region (based on background and user), a location (from the Gaussian region), then a topic z (background, user, region) and finally words (background, region, topic). Learn with EM, sparsity impose by putting 0 mean Laplacian prior on many distribution (correspond to L1 regularization)

# WWW 2013

## Hierarchical Geographical Modeling of User Locations from Social Media Posts (Page 25)

A different approach of the Twitter problem. It is 40% more accurate in predicting location, using a hierarchal generative model called the nested Chinese Restaurant Franchise that is based on Dirichlet process.

## Spatio-Temporal Dynamics of Online Memes: A Study of Geo-Tagged Tweets (Page 667)

Another version of [Towards Geo-Social Intelligence: Mining, Analyzing, and Leveraging Geospatial Footprints in Social Media](geo_social_intel.md), but it is mostly descriptive statistics.

## Using Stranger as Sensors: Temporal and Geo-Sensitive Question Answering via Social Media (Page 803) 

>   “MoboQ, a system in which a user can ask temporal and geo-sensitive questions, such as how long is the line at a popular business right now, and quickly receive answers crowdsourced from other users. The system analyzes the live stream from the public microblogging service Sina Weibo to identify people who are likely to be currently at the place that is associated with a question and sends them the unsolicited question through the microblogging service.”
